some of the main challenges that I faced when I started, uh, going through
my educational career was, um I mean, I I didn't have the most
money. My mother wasn't working to regularly. My my sister was on welfare
and she had three kids of her own. And, um, yeah, I didn't have
all the basic necessities. It didn't really bother me too much because,
like, I didn't feel like I needed, um, many things, But yeah,
we didn't have a car most of the time riding around on the bus on many
occasions, didn't have enough money for, um, for paying for things
that school food was basically free. You know, I don't think that
I ever wanted for food. I just didn't eat that much. So I wasn't that
hungry. School was in the morning, and at night time we had enough,
um, food on the table, so that wasn't a big problem. But it's more
for things that make you a better person through life, For instance,
like having enough money toe go to the theater or having some cash
for your local comic book. You know, I didn't have those those type
of things. Um, Christmas time was, uh, they give you some gloves, and
that was among some other things. You know, they they tried and not
gonna complain. You know, I had a good life. I had a loving family,
so I'm not gonna push that too hard. But your basic material things
was something that I think would have given me a bit a better or
a different perspective. Uh, coming up through the, uh, through the
years, I was young, um, and obviously, like, growing up like this By
the time I let's say, got to the navy, I don't think that I had a very
strong work ethic. I did come and I did learn I was in the nuclear
propulsion field and I think someone who had a different lifestyle,
for instance, you know, they had their standard 1300 s a t know that
their tutors coming coming through it. Not all of them were like
that, but just a few. I think that they probably had, ah, better a
better quality of education while they were through the program. Whereas
for me, you know, I Yeah, sure. I read the book sometimes, and
I tried to understand as much as I could, but I didn't have the basic
electron ICS to give me that preparation. You know, I didn't know
what a ground was. I I barely knew what current was like. I had to understand
everything from the very, very beginning. When I think some
of those things I should have gotten through public education through
the books, I would have read if I would have been a good student
or through the training, I would have gotten, you know, had I been
a better student in school. Um, so the good thing about the Navy is
they do start you off on on an even playing field like you. We expect
that you know nothing. They expected people like me, which was which
was excellent. So I'm just saying I didn't become the superstar right
out the gate actually had toe put in. I think all the effort that
I should have in high school in, um in school and, you know, I took
the challenge and that was successful.